# https://fredericdlugi.github.io/platinum-renegade-wiki/

# Evil team
--mars1|Mars||/leaders/dp-mars#valley windworks post
zubat|18|poison-fang,wing-attack,toxic,confuse-ray|inner-focus|
bronzor|18|hypnosis,extrasensory,gyro-ball,confuse-ray|levitate|sitrus-berry
yanma|18|silver-wind,air-cutter,detect,sonic-boom|speed-boost|
purugly|19|fake-out,hypnosis,facade,feint-attack|thick-fat|sitrus-berry

--jup1|Jupiter||/leaders/dp-jupiter#4F Eterna Building
golbat|26|wing-attack,giga-drain,leech-life,confuse-ray|inner-focus|
sableye|26|fake-out,shadow-claw,knock-off,shadow-sneak|magic-guard|sitrus-berry
tangela|26|giga-drain,shock-wave,leech-seed,sleep-powder|chlorophyll|
skuntank|27|poison-jab,night-slash,focus-energy,torment|aftermath|sitrus-berry

--sat1|Saturn & Gentleman Backlot||/leaders/dp-saturn#Vallor Cavern
bronzong|33|hypnosis,gyro-ball,zen-headbutt,confuse-ray|levitate|leftovers
octillery|33|octazooka,signal-beam,ice-beam,flamethrower|suction-cups|wise-glasses
toxicroak|34|drain-punch,poison-jab,fake-out,vacuum-wave|dry-skin|muscle-band
wigglytuff|33|moonblast,hyper-voice,sing,thunderbolt|cute-charm|zoom-lens
raichu|33|fake-out,thunderbolt,grass-knot,teeter-dance|static|wise-glasses
espeon|33|psychic,power-gem,dazzling-gleam,protect|synchronize|sitrus-berry

--cyr1|Cyrus||/leaders/dp-cyrus
crobat|45|sludge-bomb,air-slash,giga-drain,hypnosis|inner-focus|wise-glasses
honchkrow|45|brave-bird,night-slash,swagger,torment|super-luck|scope-lens
magnezone|45|thunderbolt,flash-cannon,thunder-wave,mirror-coat|magnet-pull|life-orb
weavile|46|feint-attack,icicle-crash,ice-shard,swords-dance|technician|expert-belt

--sat2|Saturn||/leaders/dp-saturn#Lake Valor
alakazam|52|psychic,calm-mind,recover,focus-blast|magic-guard|wise-glasses
octillery|52|hydro-pump,seed-bomb,flamethrower,flash-cannon|suction-cups|expert-belt
bronzong|52|iron-head,zen-headbutt,shadow-ball,explosion|levitate|bright-powder
rhydon|52|stone-edge,earthquake,hammer-arm,megahorn|rock-head|muscle-band
toxicroak|53|gunk-shot,cross-chop,fake-out,sucker-punch|dry-skin|life-orb

--mars2|Mars||/leaders/dp-mars
crobat|52|brave-bird,hypnosis,double-team,giga-drain|inner-focus|bright-powder
yanmega|52|bug-buzz,air-slash,psychic,detect|speed-boost|wise-glasses
bronzong|52|stealth-rock,gyro-ball,payback,explosion|levitate|leftovers
kangaskhan|52|double-edge,hammer-arm,crunch,fake-out|scrappy|muscle-band
purugly|53|body-slam,play-rough,hypnosis,fake-out|thick-fat|sitrus-berry

--cyr2|Cyrus||/leaders/dp-cyrus#Galactic hq
crobat|57|brave-bird,u-turn,cross-poison,zen-headbutt|inner-focus|choice-band
honchkrow|57|brave-bird,night-slash,thunder-wave,heat-wave|super-luck|scope-lens
houndoom|57|dark-pulse,flamethrower,sludge-bomb,nasty-plot|intimidate|life-orb
magnezone|57|thunderbolt,flash-cannon,signal-beam,mirror-coat|magnet-pull|wise-glasses
weavile|58|crunch,icicle-crash,aerial-ace,x-scissor|technician|expert-belt

--sat3|Saturn||/leaders/dp-saturn#Galactic HQ
bronzong|56|zen-headbutt,gyro-ball,reflect,light-screen|levitate|light-clay
octillery|56|hydro-pump,blizzard,fire-blast,energy-ball|suction-cups|expert-belt
alakazam|56|psychic,shadow-ball,dazzling-gleam,focus-blast|magic-guard|life-orb
rhyperior|56|stone-edge,earthquake,megahorn|solid-rock|choice-band
magmortar|56|fire-blast,thunderbolt,aura-sphere,psychic|flame-body|choice-specs
toxicroak|57|cross-chop,gunk-shot,ice-punch,fake-out|dry-skin|focus-sash

--mnj|Mars & Jupiter||/leaders/dp-mars-jupiter#Spear Pillar
crobat|57|brave-bird,sludge-bomb,confuse-ray,torment|inner-focus|life-orb
yanmega|57|bug-buzz,hurricane,shadow-ball,detect|speed-boost|wise-glasses
bronzong|57|stealth-rock,zen-headbutt,gyro-ball,earthquake|levitate|leftovers
electivire|57|thunder-punch,ice-punch,cross-chop,fire-punch|motor-drive|expert-belt
kangaskhan|57|body-slam,crunch,hammer-arm,fake-out|scrappy|muscle-band
purugly|58|body-slam,play-rough,fake-out,hypnosis|thick-fat|sitrus-berry
crobat|57|brave-bird,sludge-bomb,double-team,hypnosis|inner-focus|bright-powder
sableye|57|shadow-claw,sucker-punch,zen-headbutt,fake-out|magic-guard|muscle-band
bronzong|57|swagger,psychic,flash-cannon,grass-knot|levitate|leftovers
tangrowth|57|giga-drain,leech-seed,focus-blast,sludge-bomb|chlorophyll|big-root
gastrodon|57|muddy-water,earth-power,ice-beam,recover|sticky-hold|wise-glasses
skuntank|58|gunk-shot,crunch,play-rough,toxic|aftermath|sitrus-berry

--cyr3|Cyrus||/leaders/dp-cyrus
palkia|70|hydro-pump,spacial-rend,earth-power,aura-sphere|pressure|
dialga|70|flash-cannon,roar-of-time,earth-power,aura-sphere|pressure|

--cyr4|Cyrus||/leaders/dp-cyrus
crobat|59|brave-bird,u-turn,cross-poison,zen-headbutt|inner-focus|choice-band
honchkrow|59|brave-bird,sucker-punch,thunder-wave,superpower|super-luck|white-herb
houndoom|59|dark-pulse,flamethrower,sludge-bomb,nasty-plot|intimidate|life-orb
gyarados|59|aqua-tail,stone-edge,ice-fang,dragon-dance|intimidate|muscle-band
magnezone|59|thunderbolt,flash-cannon,signal-beam,mirror-coat|magnet-pull|wise-glasses
weavile|60|feint-attack,icicle-crash,aerial-ace,swords-dance|technician|focus-sash

# Rival
--cheryl|Cheryl||/leaders/dp-cheryl
drifloon|19|ominous-wind,air-cutter,shock-wave,swift|unburden|sitrus-berry
makuhita|19|knock-off,fake-out,brick-break,bullet-punch|thick-fat|
wailmer|19|water-pulse,rock-tomb,mist,rollout|water-veil|
chansey|20|hyper-voice,soft-boiled,ice-beam,thunderbolt|serene-grace|sitrus-berry

--d1|Dawn||/leaders/dp-dawn#Route 207
piloswine|29|avalanche,take-down,rock-slide,ice-shard|thick-fat|focus-sash
clefable|29|moonblast,moonlight,encore,thunder-wave|cute-charm|leftovers
lopunny|29|dizzy-punch,fake-out,jump-kick,quick-attack|scrappy|muscle-band
grotle|30|seed-bomb,body-slam,leech-seed,sand-tomb|overgrow|sitrus-berry|fire
monferno|30|flamethrower,fake-out,mach-punch,grass-knot|iron-fist|sitrus-berry|water
prinplup|30|bubble-beam,icy-wind,brick-break,shadow-claw|torrent|sitrus-berry|grass

--l1|Lucas||/leaders/dp-lucas#route 207
piloswine|29|avalanche,take-down,rock-slide,ice-shard|thick-fat|focus-sash
granbull|29|play-rough,fire-fang,thunder-fang,ice-fang|intimidate|muscle-band
lickilicky|29|slam,magnitude,knock-off,protect|own-tempo|leftovers
grotle|30|seed-bomb,body-slam,leech-seed,sand-tomb|overgrow|sitrus-berry|fire
monferno|30|flamethrower,fake-out,mach-punch,grass-knot|iron-fist|sitrus-berry|water
prinplup|30|bubble-beam,icy-wind,brick-break,shadow-claw|torrent|sitrus-berry|grass

--d2|Dawn||/leaders/dp-dawn#route210
alakazam|44|psychic,shadow-ball,energy-ball,dazzling-gleam|magic-guard|life-orb
mamoswine|44|earthquake,avalanche,stone-edge,ice-shard|thick-fat|passho-berry
clefable|44|moonblast,moonlight,psychic,thunder-wave|cute-charm|leftovers
lopunny|44|strength,jump-kick,fire-punch,ice-punch|scrappy|choice-band
vaporeon|44|hydro-pump,ice-beam,extrasensory,aqua-ring|water-absorb|wise-glasses|fire
jolteon|44|thunder,shadow-ball,extrasensory,thunder-wave|volt-absorb|wise-glasses|water
flareon|44|flare-blitz,play-rough,close-combat,will-o-wisp|flash-fire|muscle-band|grass
torterra|45|wood-hammer,earthquake,iron-head,rock-slide|overgrow|sitrus-berry|fire
infernape|45|fire-blast,close-combat,thunder-punch,rock-slide|iron-fist|sitrus-berry|water
empoleon|45|surf,flash-cannon,grass-knot,feather-dance|torrent|sitrus-berry|grass

--l2|Lucas||/leaders/dp-lucas#route 210
alakazam|44|psychic,shadow-ball,energy-ball,dazzling-gleam|magic-guard|life-orb
mamoswine|44|earthquake,avalanche,stone-edge,ice-shard|thick-fat|passho-berry
granbull|44|play-rough,close-combat,crunch,earthquake|intimidate|choice-band
lickilicky|44|body-slam,zen-headbutt,earthquake,amnesia|own-tempo|leftovers
vaporeon|44|hydro-pump,ice-beam,extrasensory,aqua-ring|water-absorb|wise-glasses|fire
jolteon|44|thunder,shadow-ball,extrasensory,thunder-wave|volt-absorb|wise-glasses|water
flareon|44|flare-blitz,play-rough,close-combat,will-o-wisp|flash-fire|muscle-band|grass
torterra|45|wood-hammer,earthquake,iron-head,rock-slide|overgrow|sitrus-berry|fire
infernape|45|fire-blast,close-combat,thunder-punch,rock-slide|iron-fist|sitrus-berry|water
empoleon|45|surf,flash-cannon,grass-knot,feather-dance|torrent|sitrus-berry|grass

--d3|Dawn||/leaders/dp-dawn#224
alakazam|69|psychic,shadow-ball,aura-sphere,dazzling-gleam|magic-guard|life-orb
mamoswine|69|earthquake,icicle-crash,stone-edge,superpower|thick-fat|choice-band
clefable|69|moonblast,soft-boiled,calm-mind,flamethrower|cute-charm|leftovers
lopunny|69|mega-kick,high-jump-kick,fake-out,agility|scrappy|focus-sash
vaporeon|69|muddy-water,ice-beam,rest,sleep-talk|water-absorb|wacan-berry|fire
jolteon|69|thunderbolt,grass-knot,shadow-ball,thunder-wave|volt-absorb|shuca-berry|water
flareon|69|flare-blitz,play-rough,close-combat,wild-charge|flash-fire|passho-berry|grass
torterra|70|frenzy-plant,earthquake,stone-edge,iron-head|overgrow|sitrus-berry|fire
infernape|70|blast-burn,close-combat,stone-edge,thunder-punch|iron-fist|sitrus-berry|water
empoleon|70|hydro-cannon,flash-cannon,grass-knot,ice-beam|torrent|sitrus-berry|grass

--l3|Lucas||/leaders/dp-lucas#224
alakazam|69|psychic,shadow-ball,aura-sphere,dazzling-gleam|magic-guard|life-orb
mamoswine|69|earthquake,icicle-crash,stone-edge,superpower|thick-fat|choice-band
granbull|69|play-rough,close-combat,crunch,earthquake|intimidate|muscle-band
lickilicky|69|double-edge,earthquake,hammer-arm,swords-dance|own-tempo|leftovers
vaporeon|69|muddy-water,ice-beam,rest,sleep-talk|water-absorb|wacan-berry|fire
jolteon|69|thunderbolt,grass-knot,shadow-ball,thunder-wave|volt-absorb|shuca-berry|water
flareon|69|flare-blitz,play-rough,close-combat,wild-charge|flash-fire|passho-berry|grass
torterra|70|frenzy-plant,earthquake,stone-edge,iron-head|overgrow|sitrus-berry|fire
infernape|70|blast-burn,close-combat,stone-edge,thunder-punch|iron-fist|sitrus-berry|water
empoleon|70|hydro-cannon,flash-cannon,grass-knot,ice-beam|torrent|sitrus-berry|grass


--mira|Mira||/leaders/dp-mira
togetic|27|dazzling-gleam,air-cutter,soft-boiled,sweet-kiss|serene-grace|sitrus-berry
haunter|27|shadow-ball,double-team,hypnosis,curse|levitate|spell-tag
porygon2|27|tri-attack,charge-beam,signal-beam,recover|trace|expert-belt
kadabra|28|psybeam,grass-knot,dazzling-gleam,recover|magic-guard|life-orb

--aaron|Aaron|bug|/leaders/dp-aaron
dustox|31|bug-buzz,toxic,protect,moonlight|shield-dust|leftovers
beautifly|31|bug-buzz,air-slash,energy-ball,psychic|swarm|focus-sash
venomoth|31|bug-buzz,psychic,sludge-bomb,sleep-powder|tinted-lens|wise-glasses
scizor|31|x-scissor,bullet-punch,iron-head,swords-dance|technician|muscle-band
drapion|32|cross-poison,x-scissor,night-slash,swords-dance|sniper|scope-lens

--riley|Riley||/leaders/dp-riley
absol|49|night-slash,psycho-cut,megahorn,play-rough|super-luck|scope-lens
ursaring|49|strength,close-combat,play-rough,protect|guts|flame-orb
metagross|49|meteor-mash,earthquake,zen-headbutt,agility|clear-body|liechi-berry
salamence|49|dragon-rush,fly,crunch,dragon-dance|intimidate|power-herb
slaking|49|body-slam,hammer-arm,play-rough,slack-off|truant|sitrus-berry
lucario|50|high-jump-kick,meteor-mash,blaze-kick,bullet-punch|adaptability|life-orb

--darach|Castle Valet Darach||/leaders/dp-darach#Pal Park
gallade|48|psycho-cut,night-slash,close-combat,leaf-blade|steadfast|scope-lens
empoleon|48|hydro-pump,flash-cannon,ice-beam,aqua-jet|torrent|sitrus-berry
alakazam|48|psychic,dazzling-gleam,focus-blast,energy-ball|magic-guard|expert-belt
metagross|48|meteor-mash,zen-headbutt,earthquake,hammer-arm|iron-fist|life-orb
staraptor|48|return,brave-bird,close-combat,roost|reckless|kings-rock
entei|48|sacred-fire,stone-edge,extreme-speed,iron-head|pressure|shuca-berry

--dahlia|Arcade Star Dahlia||/leaders/dp-dahlia
blaziken|63|swords-dance,baton-pass,high-jump-kick,blaze-kick|speed-boost|focus-sash
dusknoir|63|shadow-punch,thunder-punch,ice-punch,drain-punch|iron-fist|lum-berry
medicham|63|high-jump-kick,zen-headbutt,ice-punch,fire-punch|pure-power|choice-scarf
togekiss|63|hurricane,moonblast,aura-sphere,flamethrower|serene-grace|wise-glasses
ludicolo|63|hydro-pump,giga-drain,ice-beam,fake-out|swift-swim|life-orb
zapdos|63|thunderbolt,heat-wave,drill-peck,light-screen|pressure|sitrus-berry

--marley|Marley||/leaders/dp-marley
starmie|65|hydro-pump,blizzard,thunder,psychic|illuminate|expert-belt
electrode|65|thunderbolt,thunder-wave,light-screen,explosion|soundproof|light-clay
sceptile|65|energy-ball,dragon-pulse,focus-blast,endure|unburden|petaya-berry
crobat|65|brave-bird,cross-poison,hypnosis,roost|inner-focus|bright-powder
weavile|65|crunch,icicle-crash,aerial-ace,low-kick|technician|life-orb
arcanine|66|flare-blitz,close-combat,crunch,extreme-speed|intimidate|sitrus-berry

--b1|Barry||/leaders/dp-barry#Route 201
chimchar|5|scratch,leer|blaze||grass
piplup|5|pound,growl|torrent||fire
turtwig|5|tackle,withdraw|overgrow||water

--b2|Barry||/leaders/dp-barry#Route 203
starly|10|wing-attack,tackle,growl|reckless
munchlax|10|tackle,metronome,amnesia,rock-tomb|thick-fat
chimchar|11|ember,fury-swipes,taunt|iron-fist|oran-berry|grass
piplup|11|water-pulse,pound,peck|torrent|oran-berry|fire
turtwig|11|razor-leaf,tackle,curse|overgrow|oran-berry|water

--b3|Barry||/leaders/dp-barry#Hearthome City
staravia|32|facade,aerial-ace,double-team,endeavor|reckless|muscle-band
heracross|32|bug-bite,brick-break,aerial-ace,knock-off|guts|coba-berry
snorlax|32|body-slam,yawn,amnesia,rock-slide|thick-fat|leftovers
grotle|33|seed-bomb,crunch,leech-seed,protect|overgrow|sitrus-berry|water
monferno|33|flamethrower,low-kick,grass-knot,fake-out|iron-fist|sitrus-berry|grass
prinplup|33|scald,icy-wind,grass-knot,aerial-ace|torrent|sitrus-berry|fire

--b4|Barry||/leaders/dp-barry#Pastoria City
staraptor|41|double-edge,close-combat,aerial-ace,roost|reckless|muscle-band
heracross|41|megahorn,brick-break,bullet-seed,night-slash|guts|coba-berry
snorlax|41|body-slam,crunch,rest,sleep-talk|thick-fat|leftovers
azumarill|41|aqua-tail,play-rough,body-slam,aqua-jet|huge-power|life-orb|water
azumarill|41|aqua-tail,play-rough,body-slam,aqua-jet|huge-power|life-orb|grass
arcanine|41|heat-wave,thunder-fang,outrage,crunch|intimidate|expert-belt|water
arcanine|41|heat-wave,thunder-fang,outrage,crunch|intimidate|expert-belt|fire
breloom|41|bullet-seed,force-palm,spore,rock-tomb|technician|focus-sash|fire
breloom|41|bullet-seed,force-palm,spore,rock-tomb|technician|focus-sash|grass
torterra|42|seed-bomb,earthquake,crunch,iron-head|overgrow|sitrus-berry|water
infernape|42|flamethrower,close-combat,fake-out,thunder-punch|iron-fist|sitrus-berry|grass
empoleon|42|scald,flash-cannon,agility,swagger|torrent|sitrus-berry|fire

--b5|Barry||/leaders/dp-barry#Canalave City
staraptor|48|double-edge,brave-bird,close-combat,u-turn|reckless|choice-band
heracross|48|megahorn,close-combat,rock-slide,night-slash|guts|muscle-band
snorlax|48|curse,body-slam,crunch,slack-off|thick-fat|leftovers
azumarill|48|aqua-tail,play-rough,ice-punch,aqua-jet|huge-power|life-orb|water
azumarill|48|aqua-tail,play-rough,ice-punch,aqua-jet|huge-power|life-orb|grass
arcanine|48|flare-blitz,extreme-speed,crunch,close-combat|intimidate|expert-belt|water
arcanine|48|flare-blitz,extreme-speed,crunch,close-combat|intimidate|expert-belt|fire
breloom|48|bullet-seed,force-palm,spore,stone-edge|technician|focus-sash|fire
breloom|48|bullet-seed,force-palm,spore,stone-edge|technician|focus-sash|grass
torterra|49|wood-hammer,earthquake,crunch,iron-head|overgrow|sitrus-berry|water
infernape|49|fire-blast,close-combat,fake-out,thunder-punch|iron-fist|sitrus-berry|grass
empoleon|49|surf,flash-cannon,grass-knot,agility|torrent|sitrus-berry|fire

--b6|Barry||/leaders/dp-barry#Victory Road
staraptor|70|double-edge,brave-bird,close-combat,u-turn|intimidate|choice-scarf
heracross|70|megahorn,close-combat,stone-edge,protect|guts|toxic-orb
snorlax|70|body-slam,earthquake,curse,slack-off|thick-fat|leftovers
azumarill|70|aqua-tail,play-rough,ice-punch,aqua-jet|huge-power|life-orb|water
azumarill|70|aqua-tail,play-rough,ice-punch,aqua-jet|huge-power|life-orb|grass
arcanine|70|flare-blitz,close-combat,wild-charge,crunch|intimidate|life-orb|water
arcanine|70|flare-blitz,close-combat,wild-charge,crunch|intimidate|life-orb|fire
breloom|70|bullet-seed,force-palm,stone-edge,spore|technician|life-orb|grass
breloom|70|bullet-seed,force-palm,stone-edge,spore|technician|life-orb|fire
torterra|71|wood-hammer,earthquake,stone-edge,crunch|overgrow|sitrus-berry|water
infernape|71|flare-blitz,close-combat,stone-edge,grass-knot|iron-fist|sitrus-berry|grass
empoleon|71|hydro-pump,flash-cannon,grass-knot,blizzard|torrent|sitrus-berry|fire

# Gym leaders
--1|Roark|rock|/leaders/dp-roark
nosepass|15|stealth-rock,sandstorm,thunder-wave,shock-wave|sturdy|smooth-rock
bonsly|15|stealth-rock,brick-break,rollout,defense-curl|rock-head|rindo-berry
geodude|15|bulldoze,rock-tomb,fire-punch,thunder-punch|rock-head|expert-belt
onix|15|stealth-rock,rock-tomb,bulldoze,sandstorm|rock-head|muscle-band
larvitar|15|rock-tomb,bulldoze,bite,protect|guts|flame-orb
cranidos|16|zen-headbutt,rock-tomb,thunder-punch,scary-face|rock-head|sitrus-berry


--2|Gardenia|grass|/leaders/dp-gardenia
bellossom|25|grass-knot,teeter-dance,dazzling-gleam,stun-spore|chlorophyll|wide-lens
tangela|25|grass-knot,shock-wave,ancient-power,stun-spore|chlorophyll|coba-berry
cherrim|25|grass-knot,sunny-day,weather-ball,morning-sun|flower-gift|focus-sash
grotle|25|seed-bomb,protect,leech-seed,bulldoze|overgrow|leftovers
breloom|25|bullet-seed,mach-punch,thunder-punch,spore|technician|muscle-band
roserade|26|magical-leaf,sludge,dazzling-gleam,extrasensory|technician|sitrus-berry

--3|Fantina|ghost|/leaders/dp-fantina
drifblim|32|shadow-ball,air-slash,baton-pass,calm-mind|unburden|starf-berry
dusclops|32|shadow-punch,will-o-wisp,protect,pain-split|pressure|leftovers
banette|32|shadow-claw,will-o-wisp,sucker-punch,disable|insomnia|muscle-band
spiritomb|32|shadow-ball,will-o-wisp,dark-pulse,disable|pressure|zoom-lens
gengar|32|shadow-ball,will-o-wisp,sludge-bomb,dazzling-gleam|levitate|wise-glasses
mismagius|33|shadow-ball,power-gem,calm-mind,dazzling-gleam|levitate|sitrus-berry

--4|Maylene|fighting|/leaders/dp-maylene
medicham|38|high-jump-kick,zen-headbutt,ice-punch,fake-out|pure-power|sitrus-berry
machamp|38|close-combat,payback,thunder-punch,protect|guts|toxic-orb
infernape|38|close-combat,rock-slide,fire-punch,mach-punch|iron-fist|life-orb
toxicroak|38|drain-punch,poison-jab,ice-punch,sucker-punch|dry-skin|big-root
gallade|38|drain-punch,zen-headbutt,light-screen,reflect|steadfast|light-clay
lucario|39|aura-sphere,flash-cannon,dark-pulse,agility|adaptability|focus-sash

--5|Crasher Wake|water|/leaders/dp-wake
==effect:rain
quagsire|43|aqua-tail,earthquake,recover,ice-punch|water-absorb|rindo-berry
gyarados|43|aqua-tail,ice-fang,crunch,dragon-dance|intimidate|wacan-berry
poliwrath|43|waterfall,drain-punch,ice-punch,hypnosis|water-absorb|sitrus-berry
ludicolo|43|hydro-pump,ice-beam,energy-ball,fake-out|swift-swim|life-orb
sharpedo|43|waterfall,crunch,ice-fang,zen-headbutt|speed-boost|focus-sash
floatzel|44|aqua-tail,crunch,ice-punch,aqua-jet|swift-swim|life-orb

--6|Byron|steel|/leaders/dp-byron
bronzong|52|gyro-ball,stealth-rock,reflect,light-screen|levitate|light-clay
magnezone|52|thunderbolt,flash-cannon,signal-beam,thunder-wave|magnet-pull|wise-glasses
steelix|52|gyro-ball,earthquake,stone-edge,explosion|rock-head|muscle-band
forretress|52|gyro-ball,spikes,toxic-spikes,explosion|sturdy|sitrus-berry
aggron|52|head-smash,iron-head,aqua-tail,low-kick|rock-head|focus-sash
bastiodon|53|iron-head,toxic,protect,metal-burst|soundproof|leftovers


--7|Candice|ice|/leaders/dp-candice
abomasnow|55|wood-hammer,earthquake,blizzard,ice-shard|snow-warning|expert-belt
weavile|55|crunch,icicle-crash,aerial-ace,swords-dance|technician|focus-sash
glaceon|55|blizzard,shadow-ball,earth-power,double-team|snow-cloak|bright-powder
walrein|55|blizzard,surf,yawn,aqua-ring|thick-fat|chople-berry
mamoswine|55|earthquake,avalanche,stone-edge,ice-shard|thick-fat|passho-berry
froslass|56|blizzard,shadow-ball,thunderbolt,attract|levitate|life-orb


--8|Volkner|electric|/leaders/dp-volkner
jolteon|61|thunderbolt,shadow-ball,grass-knot,thunder-wave|static|focus-sash
raichu|61|thunderbolt,grass-knot,focus-blast,surf|static|expert-belt
rotom-wash>rotom-wash|61|thunderbolt,hydro-pump,shadow-ball,thunder-wave|levitate|sitrus-berry
rotom-heat>rotom-heat|61|thunderbolt,overheat,shadow-ball,will-o-wisp|levitate|white-herb
luxray|61|wild-charge,crunch,ice-fang,fire-fang|intimidate|choice-band
electivire|62|wild-charge,close-combat,ice-punch,earthquake|motor-drive|life-orb


# Elite four
--e1a|Aaron (Team A)|bug|/leaders/dp-aaron
yanmega|71|bug-buzz,hurricane,giga-drain,protect|speed-boost|wise-glasses
scizor|71|bug-bite,iron-head,bullet-punch,u-turn|technician|life-orb
heracross|71|megahorn,close-combat,stone-edge,night-slash|guts|choice-scarf
vespiquen|71|attack-order,defend-order,heal-order,hurricane|intimidate|leftovers
armaldo|71|x-scissor,stone-edge,earthquake,aqua-tail|battle-armor|choice-band
drapion|72|cross-poison,night-slash,x-scissor,earthquake|sniper|scope-lens

--e1b|Aaron (Team B)|bug|/leaders/dp-aaron
venomoth|71|bug-buzz,sludge-bomb,double-team,psychic|tinted-lens|wide-lens
scyther|71|bug-bite,aerial-ace,quick-attack,u-turn|technician|life-orb
pinsir|71|megahorn,close-combat,stone-edge,earthquake|hyper-cutter|expert-belt
forretress|71|gyro-ball,bug-bite,drill-run,toxic-spikes|sturdy|leftovers
armaldo|71|x-scissor,stone-edge,earthquake,aqua-tail|battle-armor|choice-band
drapion|72|cross-poison,night-slash,aqua-tail,earthquake|sniper|scope-lens

--e1c|Aaron (Team C)|bug|/leaders/dp-aaron
masquerain|71|hydro-pump,bug-buzz,hurricane,blizzard|intimidate|wise-glasses
beautifly|71|bug-buzz,hurricane,energy-ball,shadow-ball|swarm|focus-sash
heracross|71|megahorn,close-combat,stone-edge,protect|guts|toxic-orb
scizor|71|bug-bite,iron-head,bullet-punch,u-turn|technician|life-orb
dustox|71|bug-buzz,sludge-bomb,light-screen,moonlight|shield-dust|light-clay
drapion|72|cross-poison,night-slash,x-scissor,earthquake|sniper|scope-lens

--e1d|Aaron (Team D)|bug|/leaders/dp-aaron
scyther|71|bug-bite,aerial-ace,quick-attack,u-turn|technician|life-orb
yanmega|71|bug-buzz,hurricane,psychic,detect|speed-boost|wise-glasses
pinsir|71|megahorn,close-combat,stone-edge,earthquake|hyper-cutter|expert-belt
scizor|71|bug-bite,iron-head,bullet-punch,u-turn|technician|life-orb
flygon|71|bug-buzz,draco-meteor,fire-blast,earth-power|compound-eyes|white-herb
drapion|72|cross-poison,night-slash,aqua-tail,earthquake|sniper|scope-lens

# Bertha teams
--e2a|Bertha (Team D)|ground|/leaders/dp-bertha
hippowdon|72|earthquake,crunch,stealth-rock,slack-off|sand-stream|leftovers
whiscash|72|aqua-tail,earthquake,bounce,dragon-dance|oblivious|life-orb
gliscor|72|earthquake,wing-attack,protect,roost|poison-heal|toxic-orb
golem|72|earthquake,stone-edge,thunder-punch,explosion|rock-head|focus-sash
donphan|72|earthquake,play-rough,head-smash,superpower|sand-veil|rindo-berry
rhyperior|73|earthquake,stone-edge,megahorn,ice-punch|solid-rock|choice-band

--e2b|Bertha (Team B)|ground|/leaders/dp-bertha
hippowdon|72|earthquake,crunch,stealth-rock,slack-off|sand-stream|sitrus-berry
sudowoodo|72|head-smash,wood-hammer,sucker-punch,hammer-arm|rock-head|passho-berry
gliscor|72|earthquake,x-scissor,protect,roost|poison-heal|toxic-orb
torterra|72|earthquake,wood-hammer,stone-edge,leech-seed|overgrow|leftovers
camerupt|72|overheat,earth-power,yawn,explosion|solid-rock|focus-sash
rhyperior|73|earthquake,stone-edge,megahorn,thunder-punch|solid-rock|choice-band

--e2c|Bertha (Team C)|ground|/leaders/dp-bertha
tyranitar|72|stone-edge,crunch,earthquake,thunder-punch|sand-stream|choice-scarf
swampert|72|earthquake,aqua-tail,rest,sleep-talk|torrent|lum-berry
dugtrio|72|earthquake,stone-edge,night-slash,aerial-ace|arena-trap|choice-band
mamoswine|72|earthquake,icicle-crash,stone-edge,ice-shard|thick-fat|passho-berry
claydol|72|earthquake,psychic,reflect,light-screen|levitate|light-clay
rhyperior|73|earthquake,stone-edge,megahorn,fire-punch|solid-rock|choice-band

--e2d|Bertha (Team D)|ground|/leaders/dp-bertha
tyranitar|72|stone-edge,crunch,earthquake,fire-punch|sand-stream|choice-scarf
quagsire|72|earthquake,aqua-tail,yawn,recover|water-absorb|sitrus-berry
mamoswine|72|earthquake,icicle-crash,stone-edge,ice-shard|thick-fat|passho-berry
dugtrio|72|earthquake,stone-edge,night-slash,aerial-ace|arena-trap|choice-band
torterra|72|earthquake,wood-hammer,stone-edge,leech-seed|overgrow|leftovers
rhyperior|73|earthquake,stone-edge,megahorn,ice-punch|solid-rock|choice-band

# Flint teams

--e3a|Flint (Team A)|fire|/leaders/dp-flint
ninetales|73|overheat,solar-beam,moonblast,confuse-ray|drought|white-herb
houndoom|73|fire-blast,dark-pulse,solar-beam,sludge-bomb|intimidate|choice-scarf
flareon|73|flare-blitz,play-rough,wild-charge,close-combat|flash-fire|choice-band
rapidash|73|flare-blitz,wild-charge,megahorn,drill-run|flame-body|power-herb
infernape|73|flare-blitz,close-combat,thunder-punch,grass-knot|iron-fist|expert-belt
magmortar|74|fire-blast,thunderbolt,aura-sphere,solar-beam|flame-body|life-orb

--e3b|Flint (Team B)|fire|/leaders/dp-flint
rapidash|73|flare-blitz,wild-charge,megahorn,sunny-day|flame-body|heat-rock
lopunny|73|high-jump-kick,mega-kick,blaze-kick,sunny-day|scrappy|focus-sash
drifblim|73|shadow-ball,hurricane,flamethrower,will-o-wisp|unburden|wacan-berry
steelix|73|iron-tail,earthquake,fire-fang,crunch|rock-head|muscle-band
infernape|73|flare-blitz,close-combat,thunder-punch,gunk-shot|iron-fist|expert-belt
magmortar|74|fire-blast,thunderbolt,aura-sphere,solar-beam|flame-body|life-orb

--e3c|Flint (Team C)|fire|/leaders/dp-flint
ninetales|73|overheat,solar-beam,moonblast,hypnosis|drought|white-herb
arcanine|73|flare-blitz,wild-charge,crunch,extreme-speed|intimidate|expert-belt
magcargo|73|fire-blast,earth-power,power-gem,solar-beam|solid-rock|focus-sash
lopunny|73|high-jump-kick,mega-kick,blaze-kick,fake-out|scrappy|muscle-band
charizard|73|fire-blast,dragon-pulse,hurricane,solar-beam|drought|choice-specs
magmortar|74|fire-blast,thunderbolt,aura-sphere,solar-beam|flame-body|life-orb

--e3d|Flint (Team D)|fire|/leaders/dp-flint
torkoal|73|fire-blast,earth-power,stealth-rock,solar-beam|drought|focus-sash
houndoom|73|fire-blast,dark-pulse,solar-beam,sludge-bomb|intimidate|choice-specs
arcanine|73|flare-blitz,wild-charge,crunch,extreme-speed|intimidate|expert-belt
drifblim|73|shadow-ball,hurricane,flamethrower,will-o-wisp|unburden|wacan-berry
typhlosion|73|eruption,extrasensory,earth-power,solar-beam|flash-fire|choice-scarf
magmortar|74|fire-blast,thunderbolt,aura-sphere,solar-beam|flame-body|life-orb

# Lucian teams

--e4a|Lucian (Team A)|psychic|/leaders/dp-lucian
mr-mime|74|psychic,dazzling-gleam,reflect,light-screen|filter|light-clay
espeon|74|psychic,dazzling-gleam,aura-sphere,power-gem|synchronize|wise-glasses
bronzong|74|zen-headbutt,gyro-ball,reflect,light-screen|levitate|leftovers
alakazam|74|psychic,shadow-ball,energy-ball,aura-sphere|magic-guard|life-orb
metagross|74|zen-headbutt,meteor-mash,earthquake,explosion|iron-fist|muscle-band
gallade|75|psycho-cut,close-combat,leaf-blade,night-slash|steadfast|scope-lens

--e4b|Lucian (Team B)|psychic|/leaders/dp-lucian
espeon|74|psychic,aura-sphere,reflect,light-screen|synchronize|light-clay
girafarig|74|psychic,thunderbolt,shadow-ball,earthquake|inner-focus|colbur-berry
medicham|74|zen-headbutt,high-jump-kick,thunder-punch,ice-punch|pure-power|choice-scarf
starmie|74|psychic,hydro-pump,ice-beam,thunderbolt|illuminate|life-orb
exeggutor|74|psychic,giga-drain,sleep-powder,leech-seed|chlorophyll|occa-berry
gallade|75|psycho-cut,close-combat,leaf-blade,night-slash|steadfast|scope-lens

--e4c|Lucian (Team C)|psychic|/leaders/dp-lucian
hypno|74|psychic,hypnosis,reflect,light-screen|insomnia|light-clay
slowbro|74|psychic,scald,flamethrower,slack-off|oblivious|leftovers
gardevoir|74|psychic,moonblast,thunderbolt,aura-sphere|synchronize|wise-glasses
jynx|74|psycho-boost,blizzard,petal-dance,fake-out|dry-skin|white-herb
bronzong|74|psychic,flash-cannon,earthquake,hypnosis|levitate|occa-berry
gallade|75|psycho-cut,close-combat,leaf-blade,night-slash|steadfast|scope-lens

--e4d|Lucian (Team D)|psychic|/leaders/dp-lucian
alakazam|74|psychic,aura-sphere,thunder-wave,counter|magic-guard|focus-sash
gardevoir|74|psychic,moonblast,thunderbolt,aura-sphere|synchronize|wise-glasses
exeggutor|74|psychic,giga-drain,sleep-powder,leech-seed|chlorophyll|occa-berry
starmie|74|psychic,hydro-pump,ice-beam,thunderbolt|illuminate|life-orb
metagross|74|zen-headbutt,meteor-mash,earthquake,explosion|iron-fist|muscle-band
gallade|75|psycho-cut,close-combat,leaf-blade,night-slash|steadfast|scope-lens

# Cynthia teams
--ca|Cynthia (Team A)||/leaders/dp-cynthia
spiritomb|77|dark-pulse,will-o-wisp,confuse-ray,rest|pressure|lum-berry
roserade|77|leaf-storm,sludge-bomb,dazzling-gleam,sleep-powder|technician|white-herb
togekiss|77|air-slash,thunder-wave,roost,moonblast|serene-grace|sitrus-berry
lucario|77|high-jump-kick,meteor-mash,extreme-speed,ice-punch|adaptability|life-orb
milotic|77|surf,ice-beam,recover,hypnosis|marvel-scale|leftovers
garchomp|78|earthquake,outrage,stone-edge,swords-dance|rough-skin|yache-berry

--cb|Cynthia (Team B)||/leaders/dp-cynthia
milotic|77|scald,ice-beam,light-screen,recover|marvel-scale|leftovers
spiritomb|77|dark-pulse,shadow-ball,psychic,hypnosis|pressure|wise-glasses
ampharos|77|thunderbolt,dragon-pulse,focus-blast,flash-cannon|static|shuca-berry
staraptor|77|brave-bird,double-edge,close-combat,u-turn|reckless|choice-scarf
lucario|77|aura-sphere,flash-cannon,dark-pulse,vacuum-wave|adaptability|life-orb
garchomp|78|earthquake,outrage,stone-edge,swords-dance|rough-skin|yache-berry

--cc|Cynthia (Team C)||/leaders/dp-cynthia
togekiss|77|moonblast,light-screen,reflect,tailwind|serene-grace|light-clay
milotic|77|scald,ice-beam,recover,protect|marvel-scale|leftovers
spiritomb|77|dark-pulse,calm-mind,rest,sleep-talk|pressure|sitrus-berry
lucario|77|high-jump-kick,meteor-mash,bullet-punch,stone-edge|adaptability|life-orb
glaceon|77|blizzard,earth-power,extrasensory,shadow-ball|snow-cloak|choice-specs
garchomp|78|earthquake,outrage,stone-edge,swords-dance|rough-skin|yache-berry

--cd|Cynthia (Team D)||/leaders/dp-cynthia
clefable|77|moonblast,soft-boiled,reflect,light-screen|cute-charm|light-clay
roserade|77|energy-ball,sludge-bomb,shadow-ball,dazzling-gleam|technician|choice-scarf
mismagius|77|shadow-ball,moonblast,thunderbolt,thunder-wave|levitate|wise-glasses
lopunny|77|high-jump-kick,mega-kick,ice-punch,fake-out|scrappy|life-orb
milotic|77|hydro-pump,ice-beam,rest,sleep-talk|marvel-scale|leftovers
garchomp|78|earthquake,outrage,stone-edge,swords-dance|rough-skin|yache-berry
